I can't really say it was either scary or really outdoors, but I tell it anyway (extended edition): 
Over the last week, I have not eaten or drunk enough, especially since Wednesday.    
On Saturday, a message popped up in the family chat about my granddad's birthday, so I showered quickly and left with only 3 slices of pure bread at like 14:30, so over half of the day had already passed.     
The first part of my journey was without problems, but when I switched from the underground train to the city train, the problems started.    
    

After like 20 seconds, my view started to get black (~80%) while I was leaning against a wall, so I waited a moment for it to get better and looked for a seat.   
A black vision is when black dots appear on your view that make it hard to see. In my case, it looks more like a lot of small dots spread out evenly. (And it is a huge indicator that your body hates your dehydration) 
Quickly, I found one and as I sat down, my vision got better, but I still noticed that it was not good.    
I knew that I needed to leave at the second station, so I thought I would hold it out.      
While I was sitting, the problem with the vision got worse and worse over time, but more in phases, from something like 10% to 0% to 12% and so on.    
I got the plan that instead of going to my granddad first, I would buy a drink at the station, even though I knew the way was only like 3 minutes.  

The train arrived at my station, so I stood up and reached for a handle/pole/thingy.      

After what felt not even like the blink of an eye, I looked at three women above me.      
I was very confused because it really felt to my brain like the time did flow continuously, but obviously it got separated by my blackout. 
   
They helped me sit and gave me a bottle of water.    
After a few sips, I often made some pauses, and they said that I had to drink more, so I followed their orders and drank more. 
    

We left for the next station.    
At least two of the women accompanied me; I don't know about the third one, but I know a third one was out there too, so it is likely.   
On my way to the bench, my body threw up, but I managed to keep the newly acquired water.   
One of the helpers noticed it and said I should do it when my body wants it.    
So after sitting down, I puked. Because I left my hand in front of my mouth, I puked directly on it.        
I felt dumb while the others pulled out some wet tissues and helped me clean my hand.    

After it, we made a plan what to do next.     
With the few sips, I felt a lot better, so I mainly wanted to still go to the birthday in the garden because it was near, I would not be alone, and I thought going to the hospital was too extreme for me, who basically needs food and hydration.     
After what felt like me convincing them why it was a good idea, I called my mom to pick me up from the station I missed before, and she sent my sister (later referenced as F2) with some water.     
I made my way with two of them to the other platform to drive back.       
We took the lifts, which were a lot cleaner than I would have expected.     
We exchanged our names, and I don't know where they were going, but they told me to have enough time, and if something like this happens to them, they would hope for that kind of support too.       
They were really nice, helpful, and kind. I hope to meet them in the future to thank them again; I even remembered their names, despite me being an absolute hopeless person when it comes to it.     
As we arrived at the other side, our train arrived perfectly, and we entered the train.      

It was full enough that most people decided to stand instead of looking for a seat, even though a few were free.    
The next "free" seat was acquired from the bag of another woman.      
One of my helpers was asking if she could free the seat.   
"No"      
"But she had a blackout"      
"would say the same"      
But then she freed the seat and I sat down, maybe more because it started getting attention from other guests.      
My helpers confronted her about her bad behavior with sentences like "at least the bag has it good".     
I don't know for what, but one of the responses was, "I did not see that she had a blackout".   
I tried to interfere and was told that the blackout was on another train. After it, the talk was pretty fast over what I thought was good.      

The next station arrived, so we left the train. In our search for F2, we left the platform and found her relatively quickly and easily. My kind helpers explained what happened with the woman too, and I mostly added a few details.     
F2 was smart enough to ask for the duration of the blackout, they said it was like 5–10 seconds, so the fall and maybe a bit more.
We shortly parted ways after F2, and I thanked them a lot.     

The way was mostly F2 asking me if she could support me in any way while I sipped on the cup of water she did bring me.      

As I arrived, I greeted all the family members and laid down on a "flat garden seat".    
I got better as time went on. I got a vegetable broth that I drank over time.      
The water cup was one with a straw and a top part, so nothing really spilled as my nephew stole it from time to time.    
My mother-sister (F3) has it every time she gets it back after he did put it somewhere.      
I mostly slept to regain energy, or at least waste as little as possible.   

 

Now starts the dangerous part:      
My granddad asked me if I wanted the grilled cheese I requested a while back.     
Almost immediately, I was up, at least as fast as my drained body allowed.      
At first, I was too dumb to find it in the refrigerator, but after Granddad came, I quickly chose between the 2 kinds they had.     
I sat down again. In the time I waited, I am sure that the nephew stole my cup again.    

Then I got my cheese and ate it between two bread slices.       
A serious problem because fat drains a lot more energy before giving anything back. A lot of books have a part where people who have hunger die because the food they eat is too much for their bodies and drains them even more.
After a few minutes, my dizziness got stronger, and it improved with time.      
I dont really know how it came to this, but I switched my seat for a blanket on the grass under a pavilion.     
A good decision because I puked again, this time on the grass.    

My mom tried her best to put it with kitchen towels in a bucket, and I got another bucket.     
All the time, F2 invested a lot of time in reaching out to me and chatting with a friend who works in the medical field for help.    
Now every time I moved too much, like turning on my back, or drank something, like a sip of water, I puked again.     
I really could not do anything, and at some point I asked my mom if she could inform my long-distance bf about what is going on and that she should point out that a lot of people around me are taking care.     
So even that I could not do by myself.     
My body felt cold even though I knew the weather was warm, so I got another blanked. At some point, it started to rain, which I definitely liked more than the horrible warmth.      
It got worse over time, so much so that I feared moving or drinking more than 3 drops of water in less than 10 minutes.     
My body was at its end.      

After ~5 hours since I arrived, it was clear that I needed to go to the hospital.     
F2 left us to get a rental car while my mom helped me stand up and gave me a bucket for when I need to puke again.     
Because I had not really drunk anything before, I managed to get pukeless on the street.           
I had not the power to stand the ~minute of waiting and sat on the street border.      
I got a slightly wet towel as a blanket that I could keep.

The drive was harsh, every time F2 stepped even a little bit on the break, it felt like I got thrown around. It was bad enough that I puked once with an empty belly.       
She was sorry for it.      
She told me that newer cars have rougher brakes, and because it is a rental car, she has never driven it before either.     

We arrived at the hospital but a little far away because she did not know if it is okay to put the car down more near the hospital.     
The first metres i did go alone because i wanted as little time as possible wasted while F2 got the bags.     
After she catched up she helped me walk.      
~100 metres later we arived at the emergency entry.    
F2 grasped fast where to go and shortly after i sat down in a recipents(?) room on the only chair with my head on the counter while F2 explained shortly what happened.     
Like immediantly the woman behind the counter (yes, like everyone was female, me included) called another person to take care of me.      

F2 brought me around a corner and then had to leave me alone because she was not allowed in that area.    
She took the still wet towel too.     
The doctor helper brought a moving bed but i had to wait for a bit until it got a sheet.      
After i hopped on it i got moved into a room where first they took blood from me for some tests.    
I sleeped before getting the infusion with water and stuff.      

I woken up, checked on my phone F2 left for me and realised it is 1:30 so i checked the notifications and put me to sleep again.     
I feelt already a lot better by the time.    
I feared a little bit what i should do because i assumed my sister left with only leaving my phone and not my train ticket that is still in my bag.     
Because the room was without windows i had no other way of knowing the time.     

Later at like 5 i woke up again, checked the phone and had to piss.     
Another patient loud or at least near enough that i can hear it talked something about the piss test so i was not sure if i should wait for a doctor and ask, BUT i really needed to pee and i didi not know when one would come so i left shortly.     
I tried to walk slowly and even that i felt powerless i did seel safe enough to walk.      

~5 Minutes after i got back the doctor came, again female, and checked my status.       
She said that my sister did wait the whole night for me. Like 8 hours.     
After the talk i waited to get the report about my visit and some medics for the next few days.     
Then i was free to go.     

I got my phone and looked for the exit and first walked in the wrong direction before i asked for help.     
In the waiting zone i found my sister sitting an a chair.     

For most of the day i stayed by my sister until i really was sure that nothing bad happens anymore.       
That could have gone a lot worse on like every point and only because of the help i am now in a good state again.

And i had a not bleeding wound on my shoulder from my fall in the train but that only really impacted me lay down because it was on my favorite side to lean to.       


So: **stay hydrated**
